feat(replay): Update React Component Names (#9721)
getsentry/sentry-docs: docs/platforms/javascript/guides/react/features/component-names.mdx

---
title: React Component Names
excerpt: ""
description: "Learn how Sentry's React SDK allows you to monitor your components."
---

> Sentry helps you capture your React components and unlock additional insights in your application. You can set it up to use React component names instead of selectors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sentry helps you capture your React components and unlock additional insights in your application. You can set up your Sentry configuration to use React component names instead of selectors, whenever they are available.
```

So instead of looking at selectors like this:

```html
button.en302zp1.app-191aavw.e16hd6vm2[role="button"][data-test-id="common-options"]
```

You can also see exactly which React component was used, like:

```html
CommonOptions
```

## Component Name Capturing

> You can capture the names of React components in your application via a [Babel plugin](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sentry/babel-plugin-component-annotate), which can unlock powerful workflows and decrease ambiguity. For example, you can search for replays where a specific React component was clicked on. You can also see the name of the component that was clicked on in breadcrumbs and spans on Sentry's **Performance** page. This significantly decreases the amount of ambiguity involved in figuring out which element was interacted with as compared to trying to figure it out by looking at the element's CSS selector alone (which becomes even more ambiguous after the minification process).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can capture the names of React components in your application via a [Babel plugin](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@sentry/babel-plugin-component-annotate), which can unlock powerful workflows and decrease ambiguity when using various Sentry features. For example, you can search for replays where a specific React component was clicked on. You can also see the name of the component that was clicked on in breadcrumbs and spans on Sentry's **Performance** page. This significantly decreases the amount of ambiguity involved in figuring out which element was interacted with, when compared to looking at the element's CSS selector alone (which becomes even more ambiguous after the minification process).
```
